Preface: This resource pack is intended to be useable on at least machines running last-gen iGPUs. 
This pack only modifies what is necessary and appropriate; it doesn't provide a wide-reaching 
overhaul of Minecraft's textures and models. Furthermore, as each file in this pack is intentionally 
included to be used with a separately-placed file, load order priority reduction is suggested 
against. Support, if any, is only provided for the latest resource pack version.

---

Support

1. "I'm encountering performance issues." 
Allocate more RAM for Minecraft in JVM Arguments, use a newer JDK version, and/or configure your 
OptiFine and Minecraft settings. In particular, lower your in-game render and simulation distance.

2. "Is [​insert resource pack name] compatible?"
If you know enough about that resource pack to certify compatibility, you should in most cases be 
able to safely give it more priority. Otherwise, follow these rules:
A. If a resource pack modifies either models OR textures, it must have lower priority than the 
NieR:Automata Resource Pack.
B. If a resource pack modifies both models AND corresponding textures, you can vary pack priorities 
depending on what you want to see and from where. However, acknowledge that some features may not 
work as intended should a resource pack author not cover all of their edge cases.
C. If in doubt, maximize this pack's load order priority.

3. "Some of my items and mobs have weird textures."
There are multiple possible reasons: insufficient resource pack priority, incorrect OptiFine or 
Minecraft game version, missing OptiFine mod, conflicting Forge/Fabric mod or Data Pack, incorrect 
in-game CEM or CIT setting, or even an outdated resource pack version. Ensure you have the 
requirements to the letter and that you are using the latest available pack version.

4. "I've checked my Minecraft installation and I still have non-performance issues."
If there are any issues you can't resolve that stem from the resource pack itself, report the issue 
and use a prior version if it is downloadable on Modrinth or CurseForge.

---

General Tips

1. Avoid using shaders that affect End dimension lighting and Blaze and Wither emissive effects. If 
in doubt, remove or delete any setting or file that will affect those three in-game features. Or, 
you may choose to not use shaders with this resource pack.

2. If using shaders, manually adjust emissive lighting within your shader's options if the option is 
available.

3. Disable "smoke animations" in OptiFine settings to prevent smoke from obscuring Blazes.
